fix: remove VAR (#20726)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbobjectstore/delete/index.md

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the object store has been deleted.
- `DataError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the `key` is not a [valid key](https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/IndexedDB/raw-file/tip/Overview.html#dfn-valid-key)
>     or a [key range](https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/IndexedDB/raw-file/tip/Overview.html#dfn-key-range).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if `key` is not a [valid key](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API/Basic_Terminology#key) or a [key range](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBKeyRange).
```

...those spec links are broken. We could use: https://w3c.github.io/IndexedDB/#key-construct and https://w3c.github.io/IndexedDB/#range-construct but I think it is better to use internal links here.
